Azure DevOps CICD functionality (#13)
databricks/mlops-stack: {{cookiecutter.project_name}}/.mlops-setup-scripts/README.md

  hardcodes the API endpoint for triggering a GitHub Actions workflow. Update `notebooks/TriggerModelDeploy.py`
  to instead hit the appropriate REST API endpoint for triggering model deployment CD for your CI/CD provider.

> {% elif cookiecutter.cicd_platform == "azureDevOpsServices" -%}

Author: @vladimirk-db I think we should have this covered with point vii. [here](https://github.com/niall-turbitt/mlops-stack/tree/niall-turbitt-ado-refactor/%7B%7Bcookiecutter.project_name%7D%7D/.mlops-setup-scripts#verify-permissions) :

"Verify that you can create and manage service principals in the AAD tenant, by opening the
       [App registrations UI](https://portal.azure.com/#view/Microsoft_AAD_IAM/ActiveDirectoryMenuBlade/~/RegisteredApps)
       under the Azure Active Directory resource within the Azure portal. Then, verify that you can click "New registration" to create
       a new AAD application, but don't actually create one. If unable to click "New registration", ask your Azure admin to grant you [Application.ReadWrite.All](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/permissions-reference#application-resource-permissions) permissions"

This token is used to:

> 1. Fetch ML code from the current repo to run on Databricks for CI/CD (e.g. to check out code from a PR branch and run it

Reviewer: Nit: It's a bit weird to see this render as a single-item list:

<img width="453" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2358483/196308660-1b795fe7-ebe0-4268-ac88-78031324043f.png">

Maybe we can just if/else the whole block so that it looks something like this:

```
The setup script prompts a Git token with both read and write permissions
on the current repo.

This token is used to fetch ML code from the current repo to run on Databricks for CI/CD (e.g. to check out code from a PR branch and run it
during CI/CD). You can generate a PAT token for Azure DevOps by following the steps described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=Windows).
```

Author: agreed, and fixed

during CI/CD).
{% if cookiecutter.cicd_platform == "gitHub" -%}
2. Call back from
   Databricks -> GitHub Actions to trigger a model deployment deployment workflow when
   automated model retraining completes, i.e. perform step (2) in
   [this diagram](https://github.com/databricks/mlops-stack/blob/main/Pipeline.md#model-training-pipeline).

If using GitHub as your hosted Git provider, you can generate a Git token through the [token UI](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new);
be sure to generate a token with "Repo" scope. If you have SSO enabled with your Git provider, be sure to authorize your token.
{% elif cookiecutter.cicd_platform == "azureDevOpsServices" -%}

> If using AzureDevOps as your CI/CD platform, you can generate a PAT token by following the steps described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=Windows)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using AzureDevOps as your CI/CD platform, you can generate a PAT by following the steps described [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=Windows)
```

> **IMPORTANT**: in order to run Git commands from a build pipeline you must [grant version control permissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/scripts/git-commands?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#grant-version-control-permissions-to-the-build-service) to the build service.

Reviewer: Just to confirm, at what stage in the setup process should people grant the permissions (seems like from the linked docs they need to do it as a prereq)? Maybe we can clarify that they should do it at the project level in their hosted Git repository/update the wording to indicate that it's not an optional step?

```suggestion
### Grant version control permissions to CI/CD
The provided CI/CD workflows attempt to run `git` commands to commit and modify files. To ensure the workflows can work properly, [grant version control permissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/scripts/git-commands?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#grant-version-control-permissions-to-the-build-service) within your hosted Azure DevOps repo
```

Author: great suggestion, have incorporated

{% endif -%}
python .mlops-setup-scripts/terraform/bootstrap.py
```
{% if cookiecutter.cicd_platform == "azureDevOpsServices" -%}
This initial bootstrap will produce an ARM access key. This key is required as a variable in the next step. To view this

> key locally and copy the key for this step you can do the following `vi ~/.mlops-stack-ado-cicd-terraform-secrets.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key locally and copy the key for this step you can do the following `vi ~/.{{cookiecutter.project_name}}-cicd-terraform-secrets.json`.
```

{% endif -%}

> Then, run the following command providing the required vars to bootstrap CI/CD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, run the following command, providing the required vars to bootstrap CI/CD.
```
